Being one of the most populated cities in all of Colorado, finding parking in Denver is always a challenge. Unless you have an idea about which neighborhoods have the highest demand for parking and which neighborhoods do not, it could be pretty challenging to get affordable parking in Denver. With an estimated population of over 720,000, you can expect to find significant competition to get any spots across the many Denver parking garages. You can always consider going for drive-in Denver parking, but it is more likely to end up with frustrating hours of driving around in a loop across Denver. Drive-in parking spaces are never guaranteed, and chances are pretty high for you to end up without a vacant parking space. Eventually, you could end up spending lots of time, driving frustrated, looking for Denver parking. If you are someone who has been in the same situation before, here is how you can find the best spots for Denver parking without having unnecessary hassles. 
-Good Denver Parking Spaces are Always in Great Demand 
Denver is a big city, and there are many regions where parking demand is pretty high, and there are other areas where you could drive into a Denver parking lot. Unless you know which are the popular areas and which are, in comparison, more accessible to get parking for, it could be pretty challenging to get access to Denver parking. Suppose it’s the absolute best neighborhood with easy access to premium locations that you seek. In that case, you need to consider parking at neighborhoods like Union Station, Central Business District, Auraria, and Uptown. However, because of the great demand these neighborhoods have, it could be challenging to find Denver parking here without pre-booking. It is nearly impossible to find downtown parking Denver spaces without reserving a spot in advance. 
Do Not Park Without Paying Attention to the 72 Hour Parking Rule
Regardless of which Denver parking lot you choose to park with, it should always be noted that you are not allowed to park for more than 72 hours in one spot. Denver has a street parking rule that prohibits any parking at a single spot for a maximum duration of 72 hours. You can only park at a place (restricted or unrestricted) for 72 hours, even if there is no signboard stating a limit for parking. If you fail to follow this rule, you can get expensive Denver parking tickets or even get your car towed away without warning. 
Know-How Different Colored Curbs Restrict Parking in Denver  
Denver also has a color-coded parking system in effect with different restrictions marked by different colored curbs. Unless you make sure that you park at curbs where you are legally allowed to park, you can receive a Dever parking ticket for illegal parking. These are how different colored curbs restrict Denver parking.
Blue Curbs: Blue curbs are parking zones that are exclusively reserved for people with disabilities. Vehicles that have a valid disabled parking permit are allowed to park at blue curb zones. However, if you do not have a disabled parking permit or do not display the disabled parking permit correctly, you will be towed or end up with a Denver parking ticket.  
Yellow Curbs: Yellow curb parking spaces are reserved exclusively for commercial vehicles. Yellow curbs can mainly be found in commercial establishments to aid in the loading and unloading of commercial vehicles and equipment. In Denver, you are allowed to pick up and drop off passengers at yellow curbs.   
Green Curbs: Green curbs are parking zones that offer limited parking only for a specific period of time. You have time restrictions with varying time limits, which are usually displayed on signboards nearby or the curb itself. You cannot park and leave your car for long durations at a green curb.   
White Curbs: White curbs are parking spaces, similar to yellow curbs but different because commercial vehicles are not allowed to park for loading and unloading. You can briefly stop at white curbs to either pick up or drop off passengers.  
Red Curbs: Red curbs are no parking zones where you are not legally allowed to park under most circumstances. In most scenarios, red curbs indicate that there’s a fire hydrant or bus stop nearby, and you are not allowed to park over there.  
Denver Parking Tickets are Expensive  
If you plan to travel across Denver on budget, it is essential that you do not end up at the receiving end of a Denver parking ticket. Street parking in Denver is probably your cheapest bet, but it is not always the cheapest option at hand. You can always access plenty of alternative Denver parking spaces on websites like Way.com that lets you park for rates as low as $5 per hour. However, street parking Denver spaces offer even cheaper deals. Still, if you end up running out the meter, you can be ticketed with an expensive Denver parking ticket and end up losing more money than you save by going for street parking over Denver parking garages
General Rules to Keep in Mind for Denver Parking  
While these are some of the leading general rules to keep in mind for Denver parking, there are also many other rules and regulations that need to be followed if you don’t want to end up with an expensive Denver parking ticket. For instance, you are not allowed to park in a crosswalk, intersection, sidewalk, or in a way that blocks a sidewalk or driveway. You are also not allowed to go for Denver parking within 10 – 15 feet of a fire hydrant. When going for on-street parking, you are supposed to leave a distance of at least 2 feet between your vehicle and the closest parked vehicle. You are also supposed to maintain a minimum distance of at least 18 inches from the curb.   
These are some of the fundamental things you need to keep an eye out for when it comes to Denver Parking. Making sure not to break the basic rules and regulations, following the directives displayed on traffic signages, and making sure you don’t park for more than the time limit can ensure that you don’t end up with a parking ticket for Denver parking.
